com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/adapter/ClickableViewPager.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.adapter.ClickableViewPager
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.adapter.ClickableViewPager$1
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.adapter.ClickableViewPager$OnItemClickListener
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.adapter.ClickableViewPager$TapGestureListener
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/SaveDialogueBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.SaveDialogueBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/adapter/HistoryAdapter.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.adapter.HistoryAdapter
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.adapter.HistoryAdapter$ClickListener
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.adapter.HistoryAdapter$ViewHolder
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/ActivityShareAndCropBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.ActivityShareAndCropBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/activity/QRImageActivity.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.QRImageActivity
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.QRImageActivity$1
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/activity/ScanningNotWork.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.ScanningNotWork
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.ScanningNotWork$1
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/activity/MyApp.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.MyApp
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/utility/CustomViewFinderView.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.utility.CustomViewFinderView
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/ActivityGenerateBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.ActivityGenerateBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/adapter/GradientAdapter.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.adapter.GradientAdapter
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.adapter.GradientAdapter$ClickListener
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.adapter.GradientAdapter$GradientViewHolder
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/LogoRecyclerBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.LogoRecyclerBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/ColorRecyclerBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.ColorRecyclerBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/zxing/core/CameraPreview.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.zxing.core.CameraPreview
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.zxing.core.CameraPreview$1
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.zxing.core.CameraPreview$2
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.zxing.core.CameraPreview$3
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/utility/ActivityUtils.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.utility.ActivityUtils
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/data/BackgroundImages.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.data.BackgroundImages
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/AfterSplashBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.AfterSplashBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/ActivityCustomQrcodeBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.ActivityCustomQrcodeBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/DecorationsLayoutBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.DecorationsLayoutBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/RateDialogBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.RateDialogBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/QrEditTextLayoutBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.QrEditTextLayoutBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/ItemSlide1Binding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.ItemSlide1Binding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/fragment/GenerateSupported.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.fragment.GenerateSupported
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/GradientRecyclerBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.GradientRecyclerBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/ScanSupportedBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.ScanSupportedBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/activity/Common.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.Common
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/adapter/EyesDotsAdapter.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.adapter.EyesDotsAdapter
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.adapter.EyesDotsAdapter$ClickListener
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.adapter.EyesDotsAdapter$EyesDotsViewHolder
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/activity/NotificationHelper.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.NotificationHelper
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/ActivitySupportedCodesBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.ActivitySupportedCodesBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/FragmentHistoryBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.FragmentHistoryBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/GenerateRecyclerBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.GenerateRecyclerBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/FragmentScanBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.FragmentScanBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/ActivityTipsBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.ActivityTipsBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/zxing/core/ViewFinderView.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.zxing.core.ViewFinderView
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/ActivityResultBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.ActivityResultBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/data/constant/SupportedModelClass.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.data.constant.SupportedModelClass
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/EyesDotsItemBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.EyesDotsItemBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/ActivityQrcodeGeneratorScannerBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.ActivityQrcodeGeneratorScannerBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/SupportedLayoutBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.SupportedLayoutBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/ActivityCropBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.ActivityCropBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/fragment/ScanSupported.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.fragment.ScanSupported
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/data/constant/Constants.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.data.constant.Constants
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/ActivityRemoveAdsBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.ActivityRemoveAdsBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/zxing/core/CameraUtils.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.zxing.core.CameraUtils
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/data/preference/PrefKey.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.data.preference.PrefKey
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/adapter/SupportedAdapter.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.adapter.SupportedAdapter
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.adapter.SupportedAdapter$ClickListener
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.adapter.SupportedAdapter$SupportedViewHolder
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/zxing/core/BarcodeScannerView.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.zxing.core.BarcodeScannerView
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/activity/TipsActivity.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.TipsActivity
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.TipsActivity$1
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/adapter/ColorAdapter.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.adapter.ColorAdapter
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.adapter.ColorAdapter$ClickListener
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.adapter.ColorAdapter$ColorViewHolder
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.adapter.ColorAdapter$ColorViewHolder$1
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/ActivityQrimageBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.ActivityQrimageBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/ContentResultBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.ContentResultBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/activity/SupportedCodes.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.SupportedCodes
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.SupportedCodes$1
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.SupportedCodes$ViewPagerAdapter
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/activity/PdfDocumentAdapter.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.PdfDocumentAdapter
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/FragmentSettingsBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.FragmentSettingsBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/data/preference/GenerateModel.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.data.preference.GenerateModel
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/activity/AlarmReceiver.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.AlarmReceiver
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/zxing/core/DisplayUtils.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.zxing.core.DisplayUtils
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/data/preference/AppPreference.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.data.preference.AppPreference
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/utility/DialogUtils.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.utility.DialogUtils
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.utility.DialogUtils$1
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.utility.DialogUtils$2
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.utility.DialogUtils$DialogActionListener
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/adapter/TabAdapter.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.adapter.TabAdapter
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/DashboardActivityBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.DashboardActivityBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/adapter/TipsAdapter.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.adapter.TipsAdapter
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.adapter.TipsAdapter$ClickListener
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.adapter.TipsAdapter$TipsViewHolder
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/activity/HelpActivity.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.HelpActivity
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.HelpActivity$1
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.HelpActivity$2
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.HelpActivity$3
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.HelpActivity$4
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/zxing/core/IViewFinder.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.zxing.core.IViewFinder
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/AppPermissionDialogBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.AppPermissionDialogBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/ActivityAfterSplashBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.ActivityAfterSplashBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/activity/DeviceBootReceiver.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.DeviceBootReceiver
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/zxing/core/CameraWrapper.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.zxing.core.CameraWrapper
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/zxing/ZXingScannerView.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.zxing.ZXingScannerView
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.zxing.ZXingScannerView$1
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.zxing.ZXingScannerView$ResultHandler
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/zxing/core/CameraHandlerThread.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.zxing.core.CameraHandlerThread
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.zxing.core.CameraHandlerThread$1
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.zxing.core.CameraHandlerThread$1$1
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/BarcodeRecyclerBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.BarcodeRecyclerBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/utility/SingleMediaScanner.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.utility.SingleMediaScanner
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/ScannedDialogBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.ScannedDialogBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/ProgressDialogueBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.ProgressDialogueBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/BottomSheetDialogBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.BottomSheetDialogBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/ItemSlide2Binding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.ItemSlide2Binding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/adapter/IntroAdapter.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.adapter.IntroAdapter
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/utility/ResultOfTypeAndValue.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.utility.ResultOfTypeAndValue
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/ItemSlide3Binding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.ItemSlide3Binding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/ActivityHelpBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.ActivityHelpBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/BuildConfig.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.BuildConfig
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/ItemHistoryBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.ItemHistoryBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/utility/CodeGenerator.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.utility.CodeGenerator
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.utility.CodeGenerator$ResultListener
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/ActivityScanningNotWorkBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.ActivityScanningNotWorkBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/ActivitySlideBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.ActivitySlideBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/ActivityEditQrcodeBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.ActivityEditQrcodeBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/adapter/LogoAdapter.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.adapter.LogoAdapter
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.adapter.LogoAdapter$ClickListener
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.adapter.LogoAdapter$ColorViewHolder
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.adapter.LogoAdapter$ColorViewHolder$1
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/FragmentGenerateBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.FragmentGenerateBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/data/preference/TemplateModel.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.data.preference.TemplateModel
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/databinding/ActivityQrcodeGenerateBinding.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.databinding.ActivityQrcodeGenerateBinding
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/activity/CropActivity.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.CropActivity
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.CropActivity$1
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.CropActivity$2
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/activity/SlideActivity.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.SlideActivity
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.SlideActivity$1
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.SlideActivity$2
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.SlideActivity$3
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.SlideActivity$4
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.SlideActivity$5
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/utility/AppUtils.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.utility.AppUtils
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.utility.AppUtils$1
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.utility.AppUtils$2
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.utility.AppUtils$3
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.utility.AppUtils$4
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.utility.AppUtils$5
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.utility.AppUtils$6
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.utility.AppUtils$7
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.utility.AppUtils$8
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.utility.AppUtils$9
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/AdEvents/AdEvent.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.AdEvents.AdEvent
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.AdEvents.AdEvent$1
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/adapter/MainPagerAdapter.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.adapter.MainPagerAdapter
com/infinity/interactive/scanqr/generateqr/activity/AfterSplash.java
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.AfterSplash
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.AfterSplash$1
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.AfterSplash$10
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.AfterSplash$2
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.AfterSplash$3
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.AfterSplash$4
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.AfterSplash$5
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.AfterSplash$6
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.AfterSplash$7
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.AfterSplash$8
 com.infinity.interactive.scanqr.generateqr.activity.AfterSplash$9
